let's talk now to Tark abum he's outside
gaza's largest remaining health facility
the alaxa hospital in darab Bala T so
the injured from the strikes in nerat
have been taken to alaxa hospital where
you are talk us through the conditions
there well as you've been saying Meen uh
air strikes continue to Target
Palestinians from the north to the south
of the strip as the focus of the Israeli
bombardment is on the central areas of
the territory now we what we do know is
that more patches of casualties have
turned up to act a hospital to get
medical treatment as we've been every
day touring inside the department of the
hospital what we see every day is
incredibly and obviously apocalyptic we
saw very overwhelmed departments have
very exhausted medical staff and at the
same time they are struggling each day
in order to keep providing the minimum
rate of Health Care for displaced and
IND Palestinians but but what we do also
observe during the past casualties that
the vast majority of them were young
children one of the latest attacks that
were that was carried out on the an on
the alage refugee camp has injured at
least four Palestinians children who are
right now uh getting a kind of surgery
inside the hospital some of them have
been forced to be amputated due to the
critical injury resulted from a drone
attack on them as they were playing on
the roof of their residential how so
obviously Al AA hospital is still parly
functional it's one of the mainly
operational hospitals on the ground they
are they are also getting injuries from
different areas in the central governate
of the street from alage from anarat
alongside from MAA town and they are
also responsible for providing medical
care right now for more than 700,000
Palestinians inside Dar bah which is an
ongoing turmoil especially that Israel
has continued to ban the entry of
medical supplies with sufficient amounts
for the medical sector in order to help
them to continue provide medical
services for injured Palestinians B also
as we've been hearing from some medical
officials they've been saying that as
long as there's going to be ongoing
soaring of casualties among civilians it
will add more Mist misery for the
medical conditions inside Al AA Hospital
which also is struggling with the Deep
shortage of the fuel supplies uh which
will impact negatively on the ability of
Medical Teams continue operating as will
mine and T we we've been talking mostly
about Central Gaza and Southern Gaza the
problems ongoing also in the north there
have been more strikes there do we know
where the injured are being taken
to well the northern part of Gaza has
been under wide and intensive air
strikes but being carried out by the
Israeli fight hgs and also artillery
artillery units on the ground where more
casualties have been arriving to the
Baptist Hospital which is an Arab a
hospital that had been widely uh
operating on the ground with a very
limited medical capacity and very deep
shortage of Essential Medical Supplies
there we've been speaking to uh doctors
inside the hospital they've been saying
that day by day we've been getting
different sorts of casualties different
children women elderly people and men
being critically wounded and they are in
a very desperate need for advanced
surgeries that cannot be clearly uh
being carried out and being also
implemented inside these hospitals and
they are in a very desperate need for
having a medical referral to be
transferred appro outside the strip in
order to get uh medical uh recovery but
the the situation there in the north
specifically is beyond imagination there
is ongoing a sign of a starvation
ongoing Israeli attacks on residential
houses civil infrastructure and at the
same time families there as we've been
hearing from them they are forced to
leave from neighborhoods the other
looking for some sort of safety but at
the same time mine people there are
really clingy to stay in their Homeland
and to stay in their houses and they are
saying that there are some of their
family members being wounded and they
are right now getting a treatment on the
floor inside the Baptist Hospital while
the vast majority of hospitals including
asifa hospital kamalan and the
Indonesian Hospital in the north of this
strip are perly functional due to the
Israeli great Devastation and
destruction being caused when when they
have been multiple storms by the Israeli
Army in the initial months of the
Israeli incursion for the nor part of
the strip so from the north through the
south missoury is escalating as there is
no any urgent medical intervention being
carried out till now M okay thank you
for that update tar Abu AUM there for us
at the AL AXA
Hospital make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer